Clarify Steering Council roles (#23)
neoforged/governance: steering-council-elections.md

### Election Officers

> Before the election, one election officer is determined from among the team and internally announced as such. They are assigned by the Steering Council, ideally after volunteering. If no one volunteers, a NeoForged team poll is done where everyone can submit a name to be the election officer and whoever gets the most nomination, is the officer. In the case of a tie, a candidate will randomly be chosen using a random number generator. The election officer should not be a member of the Steering Council prior to the election.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the election, one election officer is determined from among the team and internally announced as such. They are assigned by the Steering Council, ideally after volunteering. If no one volunteers, a NeoForged team poll will be held in which every member can nominate an election officer. The person with the most nominations will be the officer. In the case of a tie, a candidate will randomly be chosen using a random number generator. The election officer should not be a member of the Steering Council prior to the election.
```
In any case, while I understand the intent, you cannot compel any team member to do anything so there should be a provision allowing the nominated person to say no and the role goes to he next person. Though as far as I can tell the election officer isn't prohibited from running in the election, but if they were, this forced mechanism would allow a small group of people to collude and nominate an undeseriable SC candidate to be an officer.

Author: lets try addressing this in a followup PR. Dont let me forget

Author: Actually, pushed a commit that might address this now

> Before the election, one election officer is determined from among the team and internally announced as such. They are assigned by the Steering Council, ideally after volunteering. If no one volunteers, a NeoForged team poll is done where everyone can submit a name to be the election officer and whoever gets the most nomination, is the officer. In the case of a tie, a candidate will randomly be chosen using a random number generator. then The election officer should not be a member of the Steering Council prior to the election.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before the election, one election officer is determined from among the team and internally announced as such. They are assigned by the Steering Council, ideally after volunteering. If no one volunteers, a NeoForged team poll is done where everyone can submit a name to be the election officer and whoever gets the most nomination, is the officer. In the case of a tie, a candidate will randomly be chosen using a random number generator. The election officer should not be a member of the Steering Council prior to the election.
```

It should be announced to the public that an election process has been initiated. Other than that, in order to not compromise the integrity of the vote, public statements about the election should be kept to a minimum until the election is over.

## Replacements and Emergency Elections

> A Steering Council member may choose to become inactive and appoint another Project team member in their place until they return or their term expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Steering Council member may choose to become inactive and appoint another Project team member in their place until they return or their term expires, whichever is sooner.
```

> If a Steering Council member cannot be reached and there is an important time-sensitive Steering Council vote, an emergency Steering Council election will be held in accordance with [The Election Process](#the-election-process) section with the only differences being, nomination is now 24 hours, a Steering Council member cannot nominate themselves as they are already on Steering Council, and the voting process is also 24 hours. The newly elected member(s) will now act as the Steering Council member in question until the original Steering Council member(s) return or their term expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Steering Council member cannot be reached and there is an important time-sensitive Steering Council vote, an emergency Steering Council election will be held in accordance with [The Election Process](#the-election-process) section with the following differences:
- the nomination process lasts for 24 hours;
- Team Members may only nominate themselves;
- sitting Steering Council members cannot be nominated;
- the voting process lasts for 24 hours.

The newly elected member(s) will now act as the Steering Council member in question until the original Steering Council member(s) return or their term expires.
```

It should be announced to the public that an election process has been initiated. Other than that, in order to not compromise the integrity of the vote, public statements about the election should be kept to a minimum until the election is over.

## Replacements and Emergency Elections

A Steering Council member may choose to become inactive and appoint another Project team member in their place until they return or their term expires, whichever is sooner.

If a Steering Council member cannot be reached and there is an important time-sensitive Steering Council vote, an emergency Steering Council election will be held in accordance with [The Election Process](#the-election-process) section with the following differences:
- the nomination process lasts for 24 hours;
- Team Members may only nominate themselves;
- sitting Steering Council members cannot be nominated;
- the voting process lasts for 24 hours.

> The newly elected member(s) will now act as the Steering Council member in question until the original Steering Council member(s) return or their term expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly elected member(s) will now act as the Steering Council member in question until the original Steering Council member(s) returns or their term expires.
```
